Signatures of knowledge [[16](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-63715-0_20#ref-CR16 "Camenisch, J., Stadler, M.: Efficient group signature schemes for large groups. In: Kaliski, B.S. (ed.) CRYPTO 1997. LNCS, vol. 1294, pp. 410–424. Springer, Heidelberg (1997). doi:
10.1007/BFb0052252"), [17](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-63715-0_20#ref-CR17 "Chase, M., Lysyanskaya, A.: On signatures of knowledge. In: Dwork, C. (ed.) CRYPTO 2006. LNCS, vol. 4117, pp. 78–96. Springer, Heidelberg (2006). doi:
10.1007/11818175_5")] generalise signatures by replacing the public key with an instance in an NP-language. A signer who holds a witness for the instance can create signatures, and somebody who does not know a witness for the instance cannot sign. SoKs should not reveal the witness, since this would enable others to sign with respect to the same witness. Chase and Lysyanskaya [[17](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-63715-0_20#ref-CR17 "Chase, M., Lysyanskaya, A.: On signatures of knowledge. In: Dwork, C. (ed.) CRYPTO 2006. LNCS, vol. 4117, pp. 78–96. Springer, Heidelberg (2006). doi:
10.1007/11818175_5")] therefore define signatures of knowledge to be simulatable: if you have a trapdoor associated with some public parameters, you can simulate the signature without the witness, and hence the signature cannot be disclosing information about the witness. Moreover, in the spirit of strong existential unforgeability for digital signatures, we want it to be the case that even after seeing many signatures under different instances, it should still not be possible to create a new signature unless you know a witness. Chase and Lysyanskaya capture this property through the notion of simulation-extractability where you may obtain arbitrary simulated signatures, but still not create a new signature not seen before unless you know the witness for the instance.